TW 206 Refresh collaboration intro (#3805)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/collaborating-in-postman/collaboration-intro.md

> Postman Free allows teams of up to three to collaborate at no cost. To collaborate with additional team members, features, and increased usage limits, see [Plans and Pricing](https://www.postman.com/pricing/).

> Postman provides you with many tools to help you work with your team, allowing you to collaborate and share your work.

Reviewer: This reads a bit awkwardly to me as it's a little vague, maybe could try splitting the difference between the original first 2 sentences and this one? Something along the lines of 

> Postman enables collaboration through [shared workspaces](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-workspaces/creating-workspaces/). Workspaces allow you to share your work with your teammates, including  APIs, collections, environments, integrations, mocks, and monitors.

> Postman enables collaboration through [shared workspaces](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-workspaces/creating-workspaces/). Workspaces allow you to share your work with your teammates, including APIs, collections, environments, integrations, mocks, and monitors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Postman enables collaboration through [shared workspaces](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-workspaces/creating-workspaces/). You can use Workspaces to share your work with your teammates, including APIs, collections, environments, integrations, mock servers, and monitors.
```

> Postman enables collaboration through [shared workspaces](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-workspaces/creating-workspaces/). You can use Workspaces to share your work with your teammates, including APIs, collections, environments, integrations, mock servers, and monitors.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if we want to capitalize "Workspaces" — I would think no because it's not a branded term and I don't think it's included in the style guide, but maybe double check with Jon on this one. It's not capitalized in the first sentence.

Author: Good catch, thank you! updated in ec03fcb

> Postman enables collaboration through [shared workspaces](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-workspaces/creating-workspaces/). You can use Workspaces to share your work with your teammates, including APIs, collections, environments, integrations, mock servers, and monitors.

Author: ```suggestion
Postman enables collaboration through [shared workspaces](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-workspaces/creating-workspaces/). You can use workspaces to share your work with your teammates, including APIs, collections, environments, integrations, mock servers, and monitors.
```

## Contents

* [Enabling team discovery](#enabling-team-discovery)
* [Collaborating in team workspaces](#collaborating-in-team-workspaces)
    * [Inviting a team member to a workspace](#inviting-a-team-member-to-a-workspace)

    * [Finding teams within your organization](#finding-teams-within-your-organization)

    * [Leaving a team](#leaving-a-team)
* [Team usage limits](#team-usage-limits)
* [Next steps](#next-steps)

## Enabling team discovery

> When you enable team discovery, users who have a verified email address for your company or organization can join pre-existing teams within your organization. This encourages collaboration and eases the onboarding process for your team members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you enable team discovery, users who have a verified email address with your company's domain can request to join pre-existing teams within your organization. This encourages collaboration and eases the onboarding process for your team members.
```

* Free users: Next to your avatar, select the menu to the right of **Upgrade**, then select **Manage Team**.
* Paid users: Next to your avatar, select **Team**, then select **Manage Team**.

> On your Team Settings page, select **Team discovery**, then select the toggle to turn team discovery on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On your Team Settings page, select **Team discovery** on the left, then select the toggle to turn team discovery on.
```

[![Enable team discovery](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/team-discovery-enable-v9.7.jpg)](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/team-discovery-enable-v9.7.jpg)

> Team admins will receive an email notification when team discovery is enabled.

You can optionally add a question for pending team members to answer when they request to join your team. Enter your question and select **Update Question**. Anyone who requests to join the team will be prompted with the question. If you do not specify a question, team members can still add a note when they request to join the team.

> You will be notified when someone makes a request to join your team, including their answer to any question you set, or an optional note.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All admins will be notified when someone makes a request to join your team, including their answer to any question you set, or an optional note.
```

[![Team Request Approval](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/admin-team-join-requests-v9.7.jpg)](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/admin-team-join-requests-v9.7.jpg)

## Collaborating in team workspaces

> Team workspaces allow you to collaboratively work on collections with your team.

Reviewer: Let's expand this beyond collections. Something like

> Team workspaces allow you to collaborate on APIs, collections, environments, integrations, mocks, and monitors with fellow team members.

> > Postman creates a default team workspace for every team. You can rename this workspace, but it cannot be deleted.

Reviewer: Maybe note the (original) name of the workspace with quotes

>  ...default "Team Workspace" for...

### Inviting a team member to a workspace

You can invite team members to join a [new](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-workspaces/creating-workspaces/) or existing workspace. For more details about how to invite a team member to a workspace, see [Sharing workspaces](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-workspaces/managing-workspaces/#sharing-workspaces).

> > Postman will alert you with notifications when activities occur within your team and workspace. You can view and opt in or out notifications by selecting your avatar in the upper right and selecting **Notification Preferences**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Postman will alert you with notifications when activities occur within your team and workspace. You can view and opt in to or out of notifications by selecting your avatar in the upper right and selecting **Notification Preferences**.
```

> > Postman will alert you with notifications when activities occur within your team and workspace. You can view and opt in to or out of notifications by selecting your avatar in the upper right and selecting **Notification Preferences**.

Reviewer 2: This should be somewhere else - it doesn't have to do with just inviting. (maybe under collaborating?)

Author: Good call! Updated in 2b37179

### Finding teams within your organization

When you log in to the Postman web dashboard using a verified email address for your company or organization, you can see available teams to join by selecting your avatar > **Your Team**. You will also be prompted with available teams when you first sign into your Postman account with a verified address.

[![Choose Team](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/join-team-from-list.jpg)](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/join-team-from-list.jpg)

You will see a list of the available teams within your organization. Select a team. Answer the question set by the team admin, if there is one. You can also add an optional note. Select **Request to join**.

> <img alt="Team Join Question" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/team-join-question-v9.7.jpg" width="400px"/>

Reviewer: Let's crop this inside the modal slightly to avoid the extra border

> The team admin will receive a notification that you asked to join the team. Once they approve your request, you will be able to access the team and collaborate on API projects within it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Team admins will receive a notification when you ask to join the team. Once they approve your request, you'll be able to access the team and collaborate on API projects within it.
```

> If you are invited to a new team and you are the last member in your current team, all team data will be transferred to your personal default workspace.

## Team usage limits

The Postman usage menu allows you to review your team's limits for APIs, shared requests and history, mocks, monitors, and public documentation.

* **Free users**: Next to your avatar, select the menu to the right of **Upgrade**.
* **Paid users**: Next to your avatar, select **Team**.

For more details and to view your usage period, select **Resource Usage**.

> ![Usage limit information](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/team-resource-limits-v9.7.jpg)

Reviewer: Let's crop this fully inside the modal/menu. I think if you zoom in a bit when taking the screenshot that'll make the original image bigger so that the 1px border doesn't appear as thick when you insert it here, and you can add a width.

## Next steps

> Postman has many features that help you collaborate with your team:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Postman has many features to help you collaborate with your team:
```

* You can you can assign _roles and permissions_ to define Postman access at the team level. Learn more in the [Defining roles](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/) guide.
* _Version control_ allows you to collaborate with teammates by working on different forks of the same Postman collection. Learn more in the [Using version control](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/version-control-for-collections/) guide.

> * A _Private API Network_ allows you to easily and securely share the APIs that your team uses internally. Learn more in the [Your Private API Network](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/adding-private-network/) guide.

Reviewer: I'd recommend consolidating this list a bit and changing the formatting to match more of the docs, something like:

```
* Assign [roles and permissions](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/) to define Postman access at the team, workspace, and entity level.
* Use [version control](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/version-control-for-collections/) to collaborate with teammates on different forks of a shared collection or [versioning](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/versioning-an-api/) to collaborate on different versions of a shared API.
* Utilize your [Private API Network](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/adding-private-network/) to securely share the APIs that your team uses internally.
```
